# MC-Code-Gallery

Minecraft Code Gallery is an exhibit of Minecraft images with coding references.  The coding references are for those who are new to coding.  For example, a mob's name is a string(letters that form a word).  A block ID, item durability, and a potion's potency are int values(whole numbers).  Damage, health points, armor points, and attack speed are float values(decimal numbers).  Keep inventory is a game rule that takes a boolean value.  False when the player loses all their inventory items upon death.  True when the player keeps all their inventory items upon death.  Regenerating HP is a way to add health points.  Taking damage is a way to subtract health points.  Diamond stronger than iron is an example of a "greater than" comparison operator.  Sleeping on a bed at night and when there are no hostile mobs nearby is an example of the "and" logical operator.  You can apply if statements to determine which layer (y-coordinate) diamonds reside.  

Minecraft is a good game for kids (and adults) to play.  It unlocks the potential of the player's creativity to do many amazing things.  Not to mention, one can apply both coding and art in Minecraft.  Creating data packs and texture packs are examples.  I believe Minecraft is the bridge that connects kids to coding.  Coding itself is alright.  However, applying it to games or any creative medium would make kids and young adults more interested in coding.  It would benefit visual learners as well.  If one wants to make coding more fun, one would have to apply it to creativity.  In other words, one would be good at the technical and artistic aspects of coding.    
